#Our Process:
Read Time: 5 minutes
We work in small iterations with fast feedback. This process is cyclical, so each phase ends with a release of our product.
A great learning from computer science is we try to deal with problems really small and ideally try to solve one hard problem
at a time. The brain can only keep so much information in working memory at once.

-- These steps should get us closer to our goal of completing the current phase.

##Step 1: Write out problem requirements
For the problem requirements, the format should be the following:
	What problem is this working trying to solve?
	What are the constraints e.g. time, money, etc?
	How do we know if we solved the problem?
	

##Step 2: Write out technical specification
For the technical specification, the format should be the following: (write Not applicable if not relevant)
	How do we solve the problem?
	How does this solve the problem?
	What is a brief summary of the proposed solution?
	How can we break up the work? Each step of work should be clearly defined?
	What steps do you feel need help? E.g. other groups input to figure out.
	What is the financial cost?
	Where will the pieces be sourced?
	What are the risks and how are they mitigated?
	How do we detect if a failure happens and how do we fix it? Are there any issues we would not be able to figure out?
	Where should we test this?
	How do we mitigate electromagnetic interference? How do we mitigate the risk of water ruining coponents? How do we manage heat?
	How do we managef force?
	Does this solution change any other constraints?
	How much power will this require?
	How do we test if this works? Is anything untestable?

##Step 3: Break up work into tickets to implement
	- a ticket is a unit of work that a person can independently do
	- some tickets may depend on others and that should be specified

##Step 4: Implementation

##Step 5: Feedback
	- We want to make feedback objective and uninterpreted so this can be metrics, and video of the building process
	
##Step 6: Retrospective and Analysis of feedback
	- Analysis of the feedback and results of the experiments
	- things we learned etc